English translation (#65)
personium/new-docs: src/user_guide/001_Personium_Architecture.md

### Cell  

* Cell is a data store for each data subject. For personal use, it will be PDS (Personal Data Store).

> * In Personium, the concept of data subject is extended to not only people but also organizations and things, so it can be used as a data store for organizations and things.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* In Personium, the concept of data subject is extended to not only people but also organizations and objects, so it can be used as a data store for a NGO or a car.
```
